Docs/create (#12)
nmassardot/nvim-preview-svg: doc/nvim-preview-svg.txt

================================================================================
INTRODUCTION                                                  *nvim-preview-svg*

> nvim-preview-svg is a plugin for previewing a SVG contained in any file. It saves

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nvim-preview-svg is a plugin for previewing an SVG contained in any file. It saves
```

> you time showing you which SVG are you working with, instead of start guessing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you time by showing you which SVG you're working with, instead of having to guess
```

what it can be

Getting started:

>   1. Put a `requrie("nvim-preview-svg").setup()` call somewhere in your NeoVim

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Put a `require("nvim-preview-svg").setup()` call somewhere in your NeoVim
```
